Oh, the disregard of the family
Bullying by classmates
Even let him commit suicide once?
So
His watch was left behind by the attempted 84 kills
If I hadn't met you
I'm afraid he
I can't wait for the day I pick him up.
Hey, our Shen family is sorry for him
Why didn't he tell me?
What if I tell you?
Pity him. Pity him.
Sky blue is very stubborn
He would rather start with you from the beginning
He also doesn't want you to feel sorry for him
And get along with him
that
How has he been these years?
Hey, this kid
Not close to anyone
So many years
Only mention you
He's just a little bit funny
I can feel that he is a living person
Three years ago, when he heard the news of Xu's bankruptcy
He ran to Yuncheng regardless of everything
No one can stop him!
Three years ago.
You said that day
He had something to do with my parents' deaths
What does that mean?
Hey, this
I'm sorry for you, Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen, you can't do this
Do I still need to knock on the door when I enter my house?
Dad, let your son have a good meal
I didn't expect you to still be in Yuncheng
Shen Shenyu, how dare you come back?